government = republic
add_government_reform = federal_republic
government_rank = 3
technology_group = north_american
primary_culture = districter
add_accepted_culture = connecticuter
add_accepted_culture = delawarean
add_accepted_culture = illinoisan
add_accepted_culture = hoosier
add_accepted_culture = iowan
add_accepted_culture = kansan
add_accepted_culture = mainer
add_accepted_culture = marylander
add_accepted_culture = bay_stater
add_accepted_culture = michigander
add_accepted_culture = minnesotan
add_accepted_culture = missourian
add_accepted_culture = nebraskan
add_accepted_culture = new_hampshirite
add_accepted_culture = new_jerseyan
add_accepted_culture = new_yorker
add_accepted_culture = north_dakotan
add_accepted_culture = ohioan
add_accepted_culture = pennsylvanian
add_accepted_culture = rhode_islander
add_accepted_culture = south_dakotan
add_accepted_culture = vermonter
add_accepted_culture = west_virginian
add_accepted_culture = wisconsinite
add_accepted_culture = western_new_yorker
add_accepted_culture = puerto_rican
add_accepted_culture = virgin_islander
add_accepted_culture = yooper
religion = s_protestant
capital = 2616 # Washington, D.C.

1528.1.1 = {
    religion = protestant
}
